A great thanks to you! You are our teachers who give us recommendations and dreams to build our life.
I wish that I could show my gratitude to you. However it is hard to express by speech. I just hope this little card can show a part of my warmest appreciation from the bottom of my heart.
Teachers! It is not only on November 20th that I remember you. For me, every day is November 20th. I wish you would be happy forever and be proud of your students.
Hãy dành tặng thầy cô những câu chúc bằng tiếng Anh hay và ý nghĩa nhất.
On occasion of Vietnam Teacher's Day, I wish you and your family a good health, happiness and success in your life.
The further I am away from you, the more I think about you. There is no end to your instruction. There is no end to my gratitude. Wish you a good health, peace and happiness.
Teachers! It is not only on November 20th that I remember you. For me, every day is November 20th. I wish you to be happy forever and be proud of your students who are always your good and excellent students.
The further I am away from you, the more I am thinking of you. There is no end to your instruction. There is no end to my gratitude. Wish you a good health, peace and happiness.
A great thanks to you! You are our teachers who give us a voice, an image and a thought to help build our lives.
I wish I knew some ways to let you know my gratitude. I feel for you my dear teacher but just can't say. So I hope this little card will at least show a part of my warmest appreciation that is coming from the bottom of my heart.
A good teacher is like a candle.
it consumes itself to light the way for others.
Happy Teachers Day.
We are fortunate that we had a Teacher as Wonderful,
loving, caring as you.
Happy Teacher's Day!
On Teacher's Day I want to say...
More than a teacher...
you have been a friend to me!
Thanks for helping me to be myself!
Happy Teacher's Day.
Without you, we would have been lost.
Thank you teacher for guiding us, inspiring us.
And making us what we are today.
Happy Teachers Day!
You have been...
My living inspiration...
Giving me lessons of truth and discipline.
wishing you joy and happiness On Teacher's Day!
Teachers Day The way you teach...
The knowledge you share...
The care you take...
The love you shower..
Makes you...
The world's best teacher...
Video: Cười ra nước mắt xem Thái Hòa, Khương Ngọc chúc mừng ngày Nhà giáo Việt Nam.
Happy Teacher's Day.
You have been...My living inspiration...
Giving me lessons of truth and discipline.
wishing you joy and happiness On Teacher's Day !
We will always be thankful to you.
For all the hard work and efforts.
You have put in, for educating us.
Happy Teachers Day!
You are not only our teacher.
You are our friend, philosopher and guide.
All molded into one person.
We will always be grateful for your support.
Happy Teachers Day!
To his-her students.
A teacher is always true!
We are fortunate to have a teacher.
As wonderful loving and caring as you!
Happy Teachers Day!
Wish you Happy Teachers Day !!
A good teacher is like a candle.
it consumes itself to.
light the way for others..
Dear Teacher.
You are so wise.
And full of knowledge.
You have always guided me.
To the correct paths of life.
Wish you joy'n happiness.
On this Teacher's Day!
Teacher is a person who always helps.
everybody to get the knowledge and always.
stands beside the students when they have problems.
Thanks for being there Madam-Sir.
Happy Teachers Day.
Teachers Day.
The way you teach.
The knowledge you share.
The care you take.
The love you shower..
Makes you.
The world's best teacher.
Happy Teacher's Day!
"Teachers, I believe, are the most responsible and important members of society.
because their professional efforts affect the fate of the earth.".
You help me fulfill my potential;
I'm thankful for all that you've done.
I admire you each day, and I just want to say,
As a teacher, you're number one!
With your kindness you get my attention;
Every day you are planting a seed.
Of curiosity and motivation.
To know and to grow and succeed.
I'm happy that you're my teacher;
I enjoy each lesson you teach.
As my role model you inspire me.
To dream and to work and to reach.
You are not only our teacher.
You are our friend, philosopher and guide.
All molded into one person.
We will always be grateful for your support.
Happy Teachers Day!
Without you, we would have been lost.
Thank you teacher for guiding us, inspiring us.
And making us what we are today.
Happy Teachers Day!
(tổng hợp).
Lưu Ly.
